

Hi!!! Faith, I have been hesitant to express my feelings, but I feel it's important to share with you that since ewan hindi ko alam kong saan at paano nangyari. I have developed genuine admiration for you. I have refrained from doing so earlier because I wanted to ensure that my intentions were clear and respectful, especially given your recent experiences. I didn't want you to feel that I might be rushing into something or using you as a rebound.

You may recall my sudden expression of gratitude towards you some time ago kaya pag pasyenshan mo na if random yung pangangamusta. I had prayed for some relief from my thoughts, and unexpectedly, ikaw yung partner ko sa play kaya nagulat ako kasi i don't know how to act normal kasi yung kaharap ko is yung taong gusto ko. Nuong una mahirap but hanggang sa enenjoy ko na lang kasi sayang naman ang pagkakataon na matignan ka sa mata ng walang halong pangamba na baka mailang ka and ayon tuloy tuloy na pag pasyensyahan mo na talaga ako if may random message me palagi. I really want to talk to you but hindi ako maalam gawa ng ako lagi yung nakikinig sa mga kwento kaya minsan nahihirapan den akong ilabas yung mga gusto kong sabihin and I respect your busy day like isasakto ko yung message ko if alam kong wala kang ginagawa kaya nag memessage me sayo pag alam ko or sinabi mo na wala kang ginagawa kaya if hindi kita kinakamusta or minemessage it's either busy ako or nahihiya mag message kasi wala din naman akong masasabi depende nalang kong lumabas ako nung araw na ’yon.

What drew me to you initially was your incredible kindness and warmth towards others like sobrang bait mo kaya idol na idol kita hindi dahil isa ka sa BINI member ah. Your smile, which I find remarkably beautiful hoyyy ang cute mo. However, I must admit that I find it challenging to look at you directly because it feels as though you are also looking back at me kaya wag na lang tumingin sa’yo nadadaanan naman kita palagi. Every time I see you, my heart rate increases diba ang normal na heart rate ko ay 87 per minute nagiging 160 eh wala lang ang cute lang hehe I would give you the other half of my ice pop.

Despite my initial hesitation, I felt kailan na talaga umamin sa’yo. I want you to know how much I understand your boundaries and the difficulties you've encountered in your life. All I wanted to do was express my feelings freely and honestly.

Warm regards,

Anong paborito mong dinosour?
